If you could talk a little bit more about how we can assess in ourselves kind of the progress and
the development of our devotion, so you know, for reflecting, of course for the benefit of beings,
wanting to cultivate this devotion, what are qualities we're looking for in ourselves to say, "Oh,
this looks really good, you know, my devotion is maturing", or what are qualities we might see that
we should be aware of and should recognize, "Oh, I need to cultivate more devotion here".
Okay, that is a devotee, of course, but what did the teaching say? It said, "Sign of the educated
person is gentle and peaceful".
"Sign of the realization is less negative emotions".
So that is really the very good, good, simple explaining about one's own self, how we can guide
ourselves.
Somebody else's guide to us, to say something, that will be, many times, upsetting. It's not easy
to accept.
But one's own every guide, guide ourself, how our practice is doing loving.
And that is then just a devotee, of course, devotee you're asking, but also how much our loving
kindness, compassion is developed,
how much time we spend practicing meditations, how much accumulation practice level, how much I've
completed,
how many completed, all of those, such as Mundo practice, how many I've completed, how much I've
completed.
And then emotional level, what I used to be, and now what I am now, and how many completed.
And then devotional level, of course, also you can judge yourself how much, what I've started with,
devotion or pain, and what I'm now, that you can judge. So I think those are the ways you can ask
one's own self,
we read our own mind, mind is not really out of anyone's, can see, by anyone except our self.
So guide our self, by our self is, a quality teaching is really the best.
And as we're assessing ourselves, you know, going over these qualities that you're speaking of here
,
and we're noticing places where, you know, oh, my devotion's a little stuck here,
I'm noticing these qualities aren't quite ripening, particularly in relation to devotion.
Are there practices in particular that are beneficial to highlight,
to help us kind of move through obstacles to devotion?
That is, I think, the only and devotion, that is, I think, true, really practices, such as in the
teachings said,
guru-yoga practices and the various other practices.
And this is why it's blocking that devotion, according to teaching, it is because of our obsc
urations.
So the purification practices, accumulation practices are really the best according to teaching.
And target with that, and feel some, or have some intellectual thought,
and I'm going to feel more devoted to my practice, my, and I'm going to develop more devotions.
And then with that thought, and also, see, see, that qualified teacher,
or whatever you like to have devoted, see, that teacher or those teachers being quite kind and good
and all that.
And then in the teaching, always say, you should see teachers, call it as three different, three
kindness,
kindness of the teaching, kindness of the transmission, kindness of the empowerment.
And also, the teachings said that, so also reflecting those, those thoughts.
And then there's a few more different ways to think, but I will talk more to you.
But those are really the way we should go on that.
But mostly to the really practices, such as guru yoga practices,
and bodhicata practices, and accumulation practice, various other practices.
That was increasing. That also devolves.
Thank you, Krishnaji.
Thank you. Yeah, I'll go there, and then I will come. Yeah.